Describe how error checking is handled in the data link layer. 
	Error checking is accomplished by a 4-byte frame check sequence (FCS) 
	field, whose purpose is to ensure that the data at the destination exactly 
	match the data issued from the source. When the source node transmits 
	the data, it performs an algorithm called a cyclic redundancy check (CRC). 
	CRC takes the values of all the preceding fields in the frame and generates 
	a unique 4-byte number, the FCS. When the destination node receives the 
	frame, its data link services unscramble the FCS via the same CRC algorithm 
	and ensure that the frame’s fields match their original form. If the 
	comparison fails, the receiving node assumes that the frame has been damaged 
	in transit and requests that the source node retransmit the data. 

Define and describe sequencing
	A method of identifying segments that belong to the same group of subdivided 
	data. Indicates where a unit of data begins, as well as the order in which the 
	groups were issued and how they should be interpreted. While establishing a 
	connection, TLPs from two devices agree on certain parameters of their 
	communication, including a sequencing scheme. In order for sequencing to work 
	properly, the TLPs of two nodes must sync their timing and agree on a starting 
	point for the transmission.  

Describe FHSS and DSSS spread spectrum tech. 
	In FHSS transmission, a signal jumps between several different frequencies within a band in a
	synchronized pattern known only to the channel's receiver and transmitter. In DSSS, a signal's
	bits are distributed over an entire frequency band at once. 

Explain how the traceroute utility uses icmp echo requests to trace the path from one networked node to another. 
	It transmits a series of UDP datagrams to a specified destination, using 
	either the IP address or the host name to identify the destination. 
	
What is the purpose of the frame control field in an 802.11 frame. 
	Holds information abut the protocol in use, the type of frame being transmitted, 
	whether the frame is part of a larger, fragmented packet, whether the frame is one 
	that was reissued after an unverified delivery attempt, what type of security the 
	frame uses and more. 

describe what distinguishes 802.1x from other authentication standards. 
	Applies to communication with a particular port. When a client wants to access 
	the network, a port on the authenticator challenges the lient to prove its identity. 
	It the client is running the proper 802.1x software, the client will supply the 
	authenticator with its credentials. 

Describe L2TP tech. 
	based on technology developed by Cisco and standardized by IETF. It encapsulates 
	PPP data in a similar manner to PPTP but unlike PPTP, is a standard accepted 
	and used by multiple different vendors so it can connect a VPN that uses a mix 
	of equipment types. 
	
within an ethernet frame describe the FCS field and explain how it is used to make the header. 
	ensures data received by the destination node exactly matches the data sent by the source by using the CRC algorithm. 